hello and welcome to the aura car show
now this week we will talk about India's
top selling car view also this is really
important car formality but surprisingly
enough they done nothing much with it in
the last 10 years now it's all set to
get changed it's going to have a heart
transplant is going to have a facelift
and it's going to get fresher interior
how much will this change its character
well we are going to find out and first
you notice more aggressive longer term
to accommodate the larger KPD changes
monastic more custom pages suffer
looking like crystal clear exam our
strong front will all give it a bolder
look the rear tailgate is skylight to
with the combo lab and there are
garnishes like the body color side
molding and bumper your zone ousted from
larger flooding in charge giving it a
more grown-up them on the surface
acknowledge exchange for sure our inside
is still a very basic bill to costly but
there are some nice touches like a new
gear knob then you speedometer cluster
with attack meter and as we spoke
steering
he also also now comes with features
that you'll never had before
take a look after long
Alex did you change the one that will
make the most difference is the one
under the hood is also now comes fitted
with the key changes 998 CC 60 Hz and a
nice 9.2 KVN octo now we see what
k-series engines before we really write
it in the other car any other is really
doing well because this is probably the
lightest car it is brilliant
it even has got a new characters for a
lot more pressing given it a drink it
made it more fun to drive and the engine
has a typical mouthing character that we
come to really enjoy put your foot down
anywhere and go doesn't really need much
gear changes thank you
fun to drive out of all those new
calculus explained it is great little
city car in jainism just add to that
aspect equip removable how is the engine
has a new cable shift gearbox as well
the 5c synchromesh it makes gear changes
eating from I can set you both wheels
Megan its operations are well state
taking this also very drivable now the
fact that it's light and with the weight
of the gear ratios of mass it means that
you can also expect great fuel
efficiency comes with little town
because we've been quoted in test
conditions are mighty point two
kilometers per liter with a real-world
expect around 16 which is anyway a great
figure apart from the engine the larger
tires to have made a difference to the
wavy also kappa 0 the wider tires have
actually given me also a little bit more
grip and the steering is also quite
nimble quite quick around the corners
it's only around the jet centre position
it tends to feel a bit rake
you also does seem more stable and
before and are is more ease around the
corners for this fear that their body
roll but this is really a city car man
or its purpose is stable enough has the
improved grip also the right well I'm
hopping in the back to find out the
engineers are both on this car has tried
to cover every centimeter of space
punished in a scoop at the back of the
front seat but Headroom is still tight
in here and with the challenging narrow
it feels quite cramped please like a
small car what does not feel like a
small car is the right quality
multi-engine airs really know how the
sort of the suspension for a little so
most is that 125 mm of lengths that's
been added onto the auto has gone into
accommodating the new engine none of it
really to the inside or the boot space
still one has to say that you didn't
expect so many changes and it was a
pleasant surprise in many ways it does
feel like a different car can you also
get there has changed it's grown-up and
it's got much more character and it's
really quite different from its
predecessor the older also and wise that
will remain in its present form on the
indian roads this is the basic form of
transport from point A to point B and
it's a bit mundane this one had more
zing and with just a marginal price hike
it's still very affordable but now much
more fun